Mr. Xu, we checked that there is indeed a problem.
I don't know how this happened.
Go down yes
He let him in.
You go out first
What's wrong, Song Zeyu?
Play me hum
I play you, am I playing you or are you playing me?
Ha ha.
So you know it all
You planned all this, right?
The night of the celebration
data advantage
The media world is all planned by you, right?
Why would you do that?
To stop your company from going public?
You're doing a good job of stopping me in your own business
We help each other in our respective fields
Take care of each other
Isn't it nice?
Why did you stop me?
You have to go back and ask your good father.
What does my father have to do with my father?